Multiplication of real numbers (#1384)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/maximum-nonnegative-rational-numbers.lagda.md

# The maximum of nonnegative rational numbers

```agda
module elementary-number-theory.maximum-nonnegative-rational-numbers where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.inequality-nonnegative-rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.inequality-rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.maximum-rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonnegative-rational-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.rational-numbers

open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.identity-types
```

</details>

## Idea

> The maximum of two
> [positive rational numbers](elementary-number-theory.positive-rational-numbers.md)
> is the
> [greatest](elementary-number-theory.inequality-positive-rational-numbers.md)
> rational number of the two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{#concept "maximum" Disambiguation="of two nonnegative rational numbers" Agda=max-ℚ⁰⁺}} of two
[nonnegative rational numbers](elementary-number-theory.nonnegative-rational-numbers.md)
is the
[greatest](elementary-number-theory.inequality-nonnegative-rational-numbers.md)
rational number of the two.
```
